1436790/1438462: Part 12: 15 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10333)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/ef/sqlclient-for-the-entity-framework.md

 To use SqlClient, assign the string "System.Data.SqlClient" to the `Provider` attribute of the `Schema` element.  
  
## ProviderManifestToken Schema Attribute  

>  `ProviderManifestToken` is a required attribute of the `Schema` element in SSDL. This token is used to load the provider manifest for offline scenarios. For more information about `ProviderManifestToken` attribute, see [Schema Element (SSDL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/bb387166(v=vs.100)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `ProviderManifestToken` is a required attribute of the `Schema` element in SSDL. This token is used to load the provider manifest for offline scenarios. For more information about `ProviderManifestToken` attribute, see [Schema Element (SSDL)](/ef/ef6/modeling/designer/advanced/edmx/ssdl-spec#schema-element-ssdl).  
```
